Here is the list of levels for HQ2.  They are open to anyone to make.  I don't plan on starting on any of them until after ruiner is finished.

A couple notes before we start the list:

Secrets could contain one of the following:
Weapons, this is the only way the player finds them!
Armor pick ups
Large med kits
Large ammo pick ups.
short cuts
or secrect exits.

You'll notice that each little bit of level info also contains what weapons are found.  Weapons are listed twice because this gives the player a second chance to find them.
The second chance to find them could result from killing an enemy that carries it, or yet another secret.  Always remember never to put an enemy in a map which could drop a weapon before the player has a chance to find it first.
The only weapon that breaks this rule is the machine Gun because once it is gained, the pace of the game is set.

Bosses:
Always remember to introduce your boss.  The music needs to change, and there needs to be some sort of intro.
Because setting up cinematics can become a chore, we'll use a simple rule to help make it easier...
[b] Only Bosses or mini bosses will spawn in via teleporting. [/b] 
This will give the player a clear signal it is boss time.  The demon spawning, the size of the enemy, and the music changes will really help introduce them.
A good example of a game which always gives you a clear indication of a boss fight is Mega Man.


Another note on Bosses.  Some of these guys like the revenant are suitable for more than boss fights.  If you wish to use them in a level, just make sure it is after their boss level.

[b] Chapter 1: Knee-deep in the dead [/b] 
Note:  Like in the Original Doom, this is standard mars/ UAC base design.  No hell stuff.

1.  Wasted Hate
Level type:  waste disposal faciulty
Boss:  Pinky/Bull Demon
Weapons found:  Machine Gun, shotgun.
Author: Revility

2.  
Level type:  Mars surface/Caves/Mines
Boss:  Revenent
Weapons found:  Shotgun, flame thrower
Author: 

3.
Level type: Monarail (Train Ride)
Boss: Pain Elemental
Weapons found: Pistol/Mars Eagle
Author: 

[b] Chapter 2: Shores of Hell [/b]
Note:  Like in the original doom game,  in this chapter the levels are starting to be consumed by hell.

4.
Level type: Power Plant/Enro Plant
Boss:  Arch Vile
Weapons found:  Flame Thrower, Grenade Launcher
Author: 

5.
Level type:  Alpha Labs (medical)
Boss: Vagary
Weapons found:  Grenade Launcher, Chain Gun
items found:  High Jump Boots
Author: 

6.
Level type:  Delta Labs (Teleporters)
Boss:  Hell knight
Weapons found: Chain Gun, DB Shotgun
Author: 

[b]Chapter 3:  Inferno [/b]

7. MT. Erebus
Level type:  Hell - Outside
Boss:  Mancubus
Weapons found:  Plasma Rifle, DB Shotgun
Items found: Jet pack
Author: 

8.  House of Pain
Level type:  Hell castle
Boss:  Gaurdian
Weapons found:  Plasma Rifle, Rocket Launcher
Author: 

9  Limbo/Tower of Babel
Level type:  Starts off organic hell, and then turns into a large tower
Boss:  Cyber Demon
Weapons found: Rocket Launcher, BFG
Author: 

